Left click and drag to make a selection box on the UI layer. After completion, should check to see if
	any snippets are enclosed in the region's world space.
Make moving windows transparent. Similar to Kubuntu windows.
Highlight keywords in snippet editor.
Toolbar with +/- symbols zooming text in and out. Temporary.
Rework 'File' menu image. Edges and corners of fold should match standard corner.
	Should also convert to a single image with two states like the close button to reduce
	need for custom code logic.
Workspace input should be blocked by windows.
Create LuaInterpreter NativeScript class for transposer to pass lua code into.
	Should have its own Lua state.
Compile C++ library for Linux.
Get working project for Linux.
Add connection pins for snippets that dictate the logical flow of a program. When a snippet
	is connected, the return values of the previous snippet should be passed as the last
	arguments of the connected snippet.
Dragging off of a connection pin should bring up a context menu. Developer should be able
	to quickly add a snippet this way.
Callback support. Developers should be able to call a function called 'callout' which takes
	a snippet name and some arguments. These callouts will create additional output pins
	which allows other developers to create a snippet which is called when the 'callout'
	is called.
Create a title region on a node for the label.
Draw bezeir curves between pin connections. These should be drawn in another layer.
Convert curves to draw textures at a fixed interval.
Serialization.
Function focus a snippet. Camera should animate towards position.
Prevent altering Main snippet name and arguments.
	Could just allow it but throw compile error if 'main' function is not found.
May need to handle Lua keywords? Better error messages for keywords.
Separate 'Run' button for running all connected snippets vs unit test.
Global output window to display any output and status messages.
Only open a small portion of the standard lua libraries.
Add Success color state for line and status bar.
